{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
# room: virrea\
\
3 BU, VIRREA\
\
# move: (ananth; (inside cave, outside cave); 3 )\
You are wandering through a forest. The leaves are a loud, bright red, dripping off the branches. The bark is white. There is no sound but the wind and the rustling of trees.\
You have lunch. When you're nearly done, you pause, seeing a red moth fluttering in front of your nose.\
\
* [Let it perch on your finger]\
    You extend a finger, and the moth lands on it, closing its wings.\
    \
    "You\'92re a cute little guy," you say. "You have any friends?"\
    \
    It stares at him for a moment, and then flutters away.\
\
* [Watch it]\
    It meanders around, and then sharply turns towards the forest, disappearing.\
\
* [Shoo it away]\
    It meanders around, and then sharply turns towards the forest, disappearing.\
\
- Ananth looks out over the landscape of Virrea. The forest explodes across the horizon, its canopy red and violet below a verdant sky.\
\
\
-> Virrea\
\
= Virrea\
# gameplay\
// TODO: Have a scene here to represent gameplay. Should show in a different colour in Unity.\
There are no animals in the forest. Nothing living, in fact, save for the occasional moth. \{ not Virrea_Grove: You begin to hear the whisper of a hundred voices from a nearby grove.\}\
\
+ [Check out the voices] -> Virrea_Grove\
+ [Leave] -> Pathway\
\
= Virrea_Grove\
    \{ -not soulweave_01: -> soulweave_01 | -> soulweave_fallback \}\
\
= soulweave_fallback\
    ???: What are you still doing here?!\
    -> Virrea\
\
= soulweave_01\
\
ANANTH: Hello?\
\
The voices pause.\
\
SOULWEAVE (???): \'85What are you doing here?\
\
*[\'93Sorry, I didn\'92t know.]\
    ???: Leave. Now.\
\
*[\'93I don\'92t know where I am.]\
    ???: How did you even get here\'85? The Pathway\'92s been closed for\'97\
    \
    ???: What\'92s important is that he gets out of here.\
\
*[\'93Who are you?]\
    ???: Look above you. See the silk in the trees?\
\
- ???: This forest is infested with a cursed breed of moths. They steal the souls of their victims to spin their silk.\
\
???\
We\'92ve been trapped here for decades.\
\
???\
Some of us, centuries.\
\
???\
Alone. Unable to die.\
\
???\
We don\'92t know how they track their prey, but if even one crosses your path, the swarm will follow.\
\
-> soulweave_02\
\
= soulweave_02\
\
*[\'93Where did they come from?]\
    ???\
    Are you not paying attention? We\'92re trying to save you from a fate worse than death.\
    -> soulweave_02\
\
*[\'93How do I get you out?]\
    ???\
    You can\'92t! Leave the way you came.\
    -> soulweave_02\
\
*[\'93I could take you with me.]\
    The voices pause.\
    \
    ???\
    What do you mean?\
    \
    ANANTH\
    I\'92m a traveller. If I can\'92t save you, I can at least get you out of this forest. / You could see the world. Maybe even find a cure.\
    \
    The voices talk amongst themselves. There is a pause, as Ananth looks around the forest.\
    \
    ???\
    If you\'92re serious, hurry.\
\
\
*[\'93Thanks for the warning!]\
    ???\
    Don\'92t worry about us. Just save yourself.\
\
- # switchTo: virrea.grove\
-> Virrea\
\
\
= Pathway\
\
ANANTH senses a Pathway inside the ocean and dives in. He swims for it, but encounters a Guardian. Before he passes out from lack of oxygen, he manages to open the Pathway.\
\
CUT TO:\
\
-> waking_up\
\
}